Hey! Welcome to Rock Monster Game Real Name TBA
This is the tutorial I made for people to give an idea of how the mechanics in this game work.
Let's start off very basic. 
Press S to load the next text page.

Very good! You're a natural.
Now for the rest of the demo you will only need WASD to control your character.
The only exception is that you can press ESC to pull out the menu.
If I remembered to put it in...
Anyways! Let's see you work those buttons!

		    W
		A	D
		    S

It seems you're ready to go. So let me tell you about what you're supposed to do here.

Rock Monster Game Real Name TBA is a turn based combat game. 
The combat is 1 v 1 so you and the enemy will be taking turns.
Well, not really, but I'll get into that later.
For now let's have a look at the game interface.

Down here to the left we have a menu displaying all the actions you can take.
With WASD you select the corresponding actions.
For example: pressing S will select the Light attack.
Try pressing it now:

As you can see your action was saved down here in the action queue.
It displays the current sequence of actions that you put in.
For now your action queue has only one slot.

That is because your Action Heat Level, which is the number up here,
Shows that your Action Queue is level 1. During combat your level will gradually rise
everytime you land a good hit on the enemy. A higher level means more actions you can take in a turn

Now that your queue is full all the action buttons on the left have turned into Round end buttons
Press any one of these to end your round. Otherwise you can press D to cancel your last action input.
End your turn now and your character will execute the action(s).

Yup, that's it! But wait, why didn't your attack deal any damage?
That's because the enemy blocked it!

See the grey bar right next to the enemy? It means that the enemy will always block
one of your attacks, while the grey color indicates that the block will be used up by
any kind of attack. Should the attack type not match the block, then the enemy will
block the attack without using up it's block.

But since you attack matched the color, you have gained enough heat to reach level 2.
For now that will be your maximum.
If you queue up 2 actions at once now you should be able to break the block
with the first and hit the enemy with the second. Try it out!

That's more like it! Now that the enemy has died a new one has taken it's place.
It's front block right now is white. That indicates that it can only be broken by a light attack.

The little black square next to the front block tells you that the Enemy actually blocks 2 attacks.
The color black does not relate to any attack type. It means that you don't know what that block
will be yet. You'll have to see it to find out. So until then the only thing you can do is guess.
I will unlock the other two attacks you can do for that.

Pressing A will queue a Heavy Attack and W will queue a Special Attack. Start your next attack 
sequence with a light attack plus one more. Hint: I have it on good authority, that the second
block does not match a light attack, so let's see if you hit the 50:50 chance.

It looks like the second block is blue! This means it can be broken by a Heavy Attack.
If it were red, then it would only be broken by a Special Attack.
But Remember, normaly it also could be white for Light Attacks or grey for Any Attack.
You can also see, that now that you know, what the second block is, the black square has turned blue.

To hurt this enemy you will need atleast 3 attacks.
So let me simply give Action Heat Level 3. 
It might also be interesting to know that the 3 Attacktypes have different attributes.

Special Attacks are faster and deal less Damage.
Heavy Attacks are slower and deal more Damage.
Light Attacks are a good middle ground.
Now with these 3 Attacks try to defeat the enemy!

Wait! 
Do you see that your Special Attack Option has changed into Combo A?
That's because the system has detected, that you have almost all actions
for Combo A in your queue. 
That means Combo A is executed by chaining Light > Heavy > Special.
By pressing W now you will queue Combo A and all earlier actions
will turn into Combo A.

Combo Attacks are always far more powerfull then their individual attacks.
But! If remember that the single attack parts still keep their attack type and
still break and get blocked by the same blocks! Here it is important that atleast
the last attack of the combo hits the enemy since it carries most of the damage.
So for a combo to be effective, be sure, that at the end you get through all of 
the blocks of the enemy.

Lucky for you, right now this is the case! 
Queue up Combo A and see the enemies health bar melt!
Note: The system will only check for combos at the END of your attack sequence.
Light>Heavy>Special>Light will NOT make Combo A>Light
But Light>Light>Heavy>Special will make Light>Combo A

See that? Huge damage! And it will only grow more damaging the longer the combo is.
Of course to execute longer combos you will need enough slots in your Action Queue.
Also know, that the shortest combos are 3 Actions long, there are no 2 Action Combos.
Now let's see you defeat the next enemy!

But we're not quite done yet!
Of course, now that you have attacked the enemy it's their turn to attack you!

See the letter up here? That is the sequence with which the enemy is going to attack.
One slot means there is one attack that you'll have to block to avoid taking damage.
The letter inside the box right now is just a random letter, which means you don't know
what attack the enemy is going to do. Which again means, you're going to have to guess.

Now let's see what options you have.
Your 3 Attacks have turned into 3 different Blocks.
Low Block, Mid Block and High Block.
Once you have discovered what the Letters in the enemies Attack sequence above them
stand for they will be replaced and can be matched by the equivalent Block.
Lo > Low Block, Mi > Mid Block, Hi > High Block.

Now go on and try and block the enemies attack!
Hint: It's not High or Low Block...

ATTACK HITS

What? I could've sworn I made it a Mid Attack...
Well whatever! Even if you don't block the attack it's letter will be uncovered
the next time the enemy uses the same attack.
Now that's actually everything. Defeat the last enemy to finish the tutorial.

Oh and one last thing! While you're picking on what attacks or blocks to use...
Your life total on the top left will constantly deplete.
No I am not kidding. That is pretty much the hook on which I designed the whole
Battle System! So try not to panic and lose your head! 

Good Luck and Have Fun!